Refactor the configuration guide (#691)
memgraph/documentation: pages/configuration/configuration-settings.mdx

        docker run -p 7687:7687 -p 7444:7444 memgraph/memgraph --memory-limit=50 --log-level=TRACE
        ```
        ---

        You can also change the configuration within the configuration file:

        <Steps>

            {<h3>Start Memgraph</h3>}

            Start Memgraph with a `docker run` command.

            {<h3>Find container ID</h3>}

            Open a new terminal and find the `CONTAINER ID` of the Memgraph Docker container
            using the following command:

            ```console
            docker ps
            ```

            {<h3>Enter the continer</h3>}

            Enter the Docker container with the following command:

            ```plaintext
            docker exec -it -u 0 <CONTAINER ID> bash
            ```

            {<h3>Install the text editor of your choice</h3>}

            For example, if you want to use `vim` run:

            ```console
            apt-get update
            apt-get install vim
            ```

            {<h3>Edit the configuration file</h3>}

            The file is located at `/etc/memgraph/memgraph.conf`.

            {<h3>Restart the intance</h3>}

            Run the following command:

            ```

>             docker restart <CONTAINER ID>

Author: The docker version seems fine to me, but please double-check this. My concern is if I restart the container that is changing the `--log-level` in the `docker run` will on restart this be reapplied, changing the underlying changes you did before the restart? 

cc @katarinasupe

Reviewer: That's a good question. I'll check this and document it properly.

            ```

        </Steps>

    </Tab>

>     <Tab>

Author: @matea16 Can you add a docker-compose version here?

# Configuration settings

Memgraph has a set of configuration options that can be fine-tuned for specific needs. 

The main Memgraph configuration file is available at the
`/etc/memgraph/memgraph.conf`. The file contains a set of default configuration values 
and key-value pairs that can be modified to suit your specific needs.

Each configuration setting is in the form: `--setting-name=value`.

You can check the current configuration by using the following query:

```opencypher
SHOW CONFIG;
```

## Changing configuration settings

> The `memgraph.conf` file is the persistency for configuration, and the way you
> can change the configuration settings depending on the way you are using Memgraph
> and configuration settings you want to change.
> 
> Most of the configuration changes need to happen before Memgraph is started, 
> there is a set of configuration settings that can be changed during **runtime**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `memgraph.conf` file is the persistency for configuration. Changing the configuration settings depends on the way you are using Memgraph and the configuration settings you want to change.

Most of the configuration changes need to happen [before Memgraph is started](/configuration/configuration-settings#change-configuration-settings-on-startup). Still, a set of configuration settings can be [changed during runtime](/configuration/configuration-settings#change-configuration-settings-during-runtime). 
```

### Change configuration settings on startup

Changing the configuration settings for Memgraph differs if you are using
Memgraph with **Docker**, **Docker Compose**, or if it was installed on the native **Linux**.

<Tabs items={["Docker", "Docker Compose" , "Linux"]}>

    <Tab>

        You can customize the configuration by
        passing configuration options within the `docker run` command.

        When you are working with `memgraph` or `memgraph-mage` images, you should pass

>         configuration options as arguments.

Reviewer: Is this part necessary anymore? It was important to note when there was an image where this was not true (platform).

Author: No, that it is important. We need to show how to change arguments to the`memgraph` and `memgraph-mage` images. This differs from the Native version and the Compose version. 

I have a feeling we do not understand each other on this one. 😄

Reviewer: I understand Docker differs from native and Compose, but I probably meant it's not necessary to emphasize the exact names of the images so we don't burn ourselves in the future 😂 But, it's fine like this, I was also a bit confused maybe, didn't notice tabs at that moment probably

        For example, if you want to limit memory usage for the whole instance to 50 MiB
        and set the log level to `TRACE`, pass the configuration argument like this:

        ```
        docker run -p 7687:7687 -p 7444:7444 memgraph/memgraph --memory-limit=50 --log-level=TRACE
        ```
        ---

        You can also change the configuration within the configuration file:

        <Steps>

            {<h3>Start Memgraph</h3>}

            Start Memgraph with a `docker run` command.

            {<h3>Find container ID</h3>}

            Open a new terminal and find the `CONTAINER ID` of the Memgraph Docker container
            using the following command:

            ```console
            docker ps
            ```

>             {<h3>Enter the continer</h3>}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            {<h3>Enter the container</h3>}
```

            Enter the Docker container with the following command:

            ```plaintext
            docker exec -it -u 0 <CONTAINER ID> bash
            ```

            {<h3>Install the text editor of your choice</h3>}

            For example, if you want to use `vim` run:

            ```console
            apt-get update
            apt-get install vim
            ```

            {<h3>Edit the configuration file</h3>}

            The file is located at `/etc/memgraph/memgraph.conf`.

>             {<h3>Restart the intance</h3>}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            {<h3>Restart the instance</h3>}
```

            Run the following command:

            ```
            docker restart <CONTAINER ID>
            ```

        </Steps>

    </Tab>

    <Tab>

>     TBD docker-compose

Reviewer: Remove this tab for now. We will add it later and we will be able to merge your PR.

Author: We agreed on daily to let this fly, so marking as resolved.

    </Tab>

    <Tab>

>         Once Memgraph is installed on your Linux machine. 
> Check the status with: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Once Memgraph is installed on your Linux machine, check the status with: 
```

| server.name                | Bolt server name.                                                                             | yes                     |
| query.timeout              | Maximum allowed query execution time. Value of 0 means no limit.                              | yes                     |
| log.level                  | Minimum log level. Allowed values: TRACE, DEBUG, INFO, WARNING, ERROR, CRITICAL.              | no                      |
| log.to_stderr              | Log messages go to `stderr` in addition to `logfiles`.                                        | no                      |
| cartesian-product-enabled  | Enforces cartesian product operator during query matching.                                    | no                      |

All settings can be fetched by calling the following query:

```opencypher
SHOW DATABASE SETTINGS;
```

To check the value of a single setting, you can use a slightly different query:

```opencypher
SHOW DATABASE SETTING "setting.name";
```

If you want to change a value for a specific setting, following query should be used:

```opencypher
SET DATABASE SETTING "setting.name" TO "some-value";
```

> ### Changing the configuration settings via file 

Reviewer: Is it via file or is it via env var?

Reviewer: I mean, what's the better wording here, not to be confused with updating existing memgraph config file

Author: IMO it is better via file; I could add a `via external file` or `via another config file.` Because the key or env can be used just to apply the changes from another config file.

Reviewer: You can leave it as it is

Additional configurations can be specified by including another
configuration file, in a file pointed to by the `MEMGRAPH_CONFIG` environment
variable.

You can define additional configuration files in the main configuration file or
within a Docker command in the terminal. Additional files are processed after
the main configuration file, and they override the main configuration file.
Additional configuration files are specified with the `--flag-file` flag.

Example:

 `--flag-file=another.conf`

> 

Reviewer: I would expect full run Memgraph example here, this alone is a bit strange

Reviewer: Okay, I get it. Leave as it is

### Multitenancy and configuration 

> 

Reviewer: What do you think about the title before audit log -> List of configuration settings
And then Audit log until Other all under that title/section?

Reviewer: Also, I feel like env variables section is then there out of nowhere with no additional context. Can you update that as well? Maybe add a section similar to init flags on how to use those env vars there?

Author: I have updated the title structure. 

> Also, I feel like env variables section is then there out of nowhere with no additional context. Can you update that as well? Maybe add a section similar to init flags on how to use those env vars there?

I have added a guide but this means adding a docker and docker-compose example.
